Marcio/web-gateway (#1650)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/distributed-web/src/content/ethereum-gateway/about-eth.md

Reading and writing content to the Ethereum network can be done using
Cloudflare's Gateway. To learn more about how to do this see [Interacting with
the Ethereum network](../interacting-with-the-eth-gateway).

## Connect your website to the gateway

If you want to be able to access the Ethereum network accessible from a custom
domain name, you can do that using Cloudflare’s Ethereum Gateway. To

> learn how, check out [Connecting your Website](../connecting-your-website).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
learn how, refer to [Connecting your Website](../connecting-your-website).
```

Reviewer: This wording was suggested to me by Claire. It's a bit more technical writing-esque than 'check out' if you want to use it.
